feat: migrations can be provided as a map of loaded modules (#203)
tj/node-migrate: Readme.md

- `set`: A set instance if you created your own
- `stateStore`: A store instance to load and store migration state, or a string which is a path to the migration state file

> - `migrations`: An object where keys are migration file names and values are migration modules loaded with `require()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `migrations`: An object where keys are migration names and values are migration objects
```

I think they can be loaded however you want, you can define them inline if you want. I don't think we need to specify "with require"

Author: Fair point.
